Swerve v5.2

Added minimums and tolerances with conditionals to PID outputs (azimuth + heading).
Off-boarded telemetry to it's own class.
Correctly calculated constraints for motion profiles and velocity limits.

Swerve v5.3

Added feedforwards for drive velocity and turn.
Added some calculated feedforward gains. Gains need properly calculated.
Pushing module azimuth off of mainly PID control, moving toward mostly FF control with PID for trim.
Adjusted telemetry in swervemain class to limit information that is posted to shuffleboard.
Rewrote HIDs class to be less verbose and to pass directly to the swervemain class.
Need to calculate FF gains.
Delays in absolute encoder readings may be contributing some hysteresis.
Implementation of FFs may help by reducing dependence on feedback controller (PIDs), and increase system performance.
Moving PID and FF calculation to spark maxes may be neccesary in v6 to improve performance.

Constants that need measured DONE:
turnFFkS, module azimuth kS
turnFFkV, module azumuth kV
turnFFkA, module azimuth kA
driveFFkS, module drive kS
driveFFkV, module drive kV
driveFFkA, module drive kA
headingFFkS, heading kS
headingFFkV, heading kV
headingFFkA, heading kA
modulemaxvelmps, max acheivable linear velocity of module
modulemaxaclmps, max acheivable linear acceleration of module
modulemaxvelrads, max acheivable rotational velocity of module
modulemaxaclrads, max acheivable rotational acceleration of module
headingmaxvelrads, max acheivable rotational velocity of entire robot
headingmaxaclrads, max acheivable rotational accleration of entire robot

possibly develop swerveID to assist with calculating values? done

drive velocity PID control is currently in the works, under open-loop FF control only with good performance
drive velocity PID under development

Swerve v6.0
complete rewrite in command with many functions now subclassed to limit abstract single-class nature of v5
swervemodules now subclassed from swervemain
odometry and pose estimation now implemented, needs tested
trajectory computation also added, but not tested
specific robot poses should be saved as data and then trajectories to them should be generated and followed with new code
pose estimation using odometry + limelight for correction possible in later iterations???

total changenotes:
new swervemodule class written as subclass to swervemain, handles all low-level functions of modules
new swervemain class written to handle all high-level functions of modules and supporting hardware
odometry and pose estimation written into swervemain, needs tested
drivercontrols class renamed to drivercontroller 
XboxController object in drivercontroller converted to CommandXboxController to support new command structure of code
telemetry off-boarded again, properly implemented this time with subsystem injected through robot container (SwerveBot class)
most high-level functions now managed in robot container and voids called up in robot class
